Did we meet at the hotel last night?
Found a woman
I'm looking for Mr. Xiao Jiang, a man
Tell me what's wrong
Nerve 100,000
No news from you
200,000
500,000 deal between us
Don't tell anyone
It's a deal!
Do you remember me backing up this video?
Your phone was hacked
I won't let anyone leave anything on me
Jiayu must have done the hacking of the mobile phone.
Something tells me.
This must be related to Wang Yu
Chen Ling, long time no see.
Who is this guy?
Long time no see.
After all, we've been dating for so long
Why are you acting so unfamiliar?
Is he Chen Lin's ex-boyfriend?
It might be a good idea to make the prison jealous.
lost contact
Are you going to leave me too?